and hello everyone welcome to this
very little vod I am with sweat
chips how are you chessa vanwaes
havas is so small video even super
little super quite little video
with with our shame to talk to you
in fact the return of it is this one
way there it starts again this week
exactly the compet returns matches
so I start at 6 pm but on
gaming we will be live essentials stops at
17h to offer you a pre show there the
shave a little recap then yona who
was already maybe 100% edible
but a little recap on the format that has
really changed a lot had a recap on
all the teams on the metaphor on
will do an hour of pre show for
tackle that stops in the best
knowledge
that's exactly and then for you
talk a little bradeux about the program in
low funds will not list you all the
matches because anyway there is the
site the door lily but for that you have
everything and 18h ​​sends heavy what to
elements are against this native his
covenants for those who would not know and
so if you want some clarification
little about a new team know
some stuff and all if you do not
not too much we'll say we'll say
the offseason we propose to correct
your shortcomings precisely from 17h and
you can start already there is a
small article on even a big article
on gaming
there is info on a sports hit and
this is an appointment at 5 pm
season will send sacred wood I think
the best competitive season there
will have the creation of league of legends
especially the arms 4 po ena it's going to be crazy
in the USA is going to be crazy lp I have to
doubted crazy and then to get ahead of
questions that I know will arrive
probably that in you who
ask questions about GMOs and
lpl if we consider that we commented on the
past season ja yes quite i did
not say we are not doing it so
here we are going to do it it's just
actually we are late we did not
not yet started because there is
a lot of things to settle in fact and
of adjustment to the different
authorities let's say streamcore rayol
in heaven is low and she actually
riot in the process of standardizing the rules
for all casters and they are in
train of really everything is said proud
so the country told us you
do not worry we know you want the
caste and you go caste and
let us have a week or two in
story that we put all this in fact
do it well that you do not have
declines fit disgusting he has them
who are paturel plannings have
never there are little aveiro defour of
mails etc
so that's it takes a little bit of
time we are sorry but that for
compensate logen has passed as you know
Free HD already and that means
we can incorporate it directly
in the league of legends chain I had
blow it will be you will not need to
pay a blind person have looked at each other
know earlier against 8 there will be the
vod shipping finally there is everything will be
free
here we told you we had you
says we do not want to pay for pleasure or
makes us pay what we are obliged to
more obliged you pay more everything is fine
or we could say yes but
in fact but in fact we will not do that
so that's meeting you Thursday 17h so
for the pre show and this first
week of lcs europe with all
all the gratin so European and then
all competitions are sure gaming
so the evening invites you to follow us
Thursday on a small gourbis against
unicorn of love to me i never have a
match in the heart what do they seem against
their heirs possible that but if I have
redo the schedule riot have them
really well done the schedule and there is
a lot of format change you get
will also talk about it during the pre show
already talked a little bit last week
during the news during 100%
So here edible appointment Thursday
17h and in the meantime we say to my very
fast and we hope you'll be
many jewels all